README.md, before:

# Webpack build system

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

> An opinionated build system using Webpack.

Continually creating a new build step for each project detracts time away from what's unique about your project. This is a consolidation of the tools and libraries I use for 80% of my projects into one build-system so I can speed up my "time to development" and focus on what's unique about my projects. It's an opinionated stack based on [webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) and the [webpack-dev-server](http://webpack.github.io/docs/webpack-dev-server.html) with smart defaults that simplify configuration.

## Tools used

### webpack

[webpack](http://webpack.github.io) is a module bundler. It takes JavaScript modules with dependencies (i.e. other JavaScript files, CSS, images, ...) and generates static assets representing those modules for the browser. It's similar to [Browserify](http://browserify.org/) with a few extra features such as [React hot-loading](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader).

- **Loaders**
  + [babel](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) - Turn ES6 code into vanilla ES5 using [Babel](https://babeljs.io).
  + [css](https://github.com/webpack/css-loader) - Loads css file with resolved imports and returns css code.
  + [file](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader) - Emits the file into the output folder and returns the (relative) url.
  + [json](https://github.com/webpack/json-loader) - Loads file as JSON.
  + [postcss](https://github.com/postcss/postcss-loader) - Post-process CSS with Autoprefixer and other [PostCSS plugins](https://github.com/postcss/postcss#built-with-postcss).
  + [style](https://github.com/webpack/style-loader) - Add exports of a module as style to DOM.
  + [url](https://github.com/webpack/url-loader) - The url loader works like the file loader, but can return a Data Url if the file is smaller than a limit.

- **Plugins**
  + [BannerPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#bannerplugin) - Adds a banner to the top of each generated chunk.
  + [DedupePlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#dedupeplugin) - Reduces file size by removing duplicate files.
  + [DefinePlulgin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#defineplugin) - Inlines variables into the code which allows a minification pass to remove unused (dead) code.
  + [ExtractTextPlugin](https://github.com/webpack/extract-text-webpack-plugin) - Moves required CSS into a separate CSS output file.
  + [HotModuleReplacementPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#hotmodulereplacementplugin) - Enables Hot Module Replacement.
  + [NoErrorsPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#noerrorsplugin) - Prevents the output when an error occurs.
  + [OccurenceOrderPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#occurenceorderplugin) - Assign the module and chunk ids by occurrence count making ids predictable and reduces the total file size.
  + [UglifyJs](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#uglifyjsplugin) - Minimize all JavaScript output of chunks.

### Babel

[Babel](https://babeljs.io) is a JavaScrpt compiler. With it, you can transpile features of ES2015, ES2016 and more into ES5. These means you can use new the JavaScript syntax and features, **right now** without waiting for browser support. It also has built-in support for JSX and React. 

- [Babel Runtime](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/runtime/) - Reduces you bundle size and creates a sandboxed environment for built-ins without having to require a globally polluting [polyfill](http://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/).

### PostCSS

[PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) is a tool for transforming CSS.  It transforms CSS written to published specs and standards that aren't implemented in all modern browsers to CSS that the browsers understand. Basically, you can write CSS using **tomorrows syntax today**.

- [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) - CSS and add vendor prefixes to CSS rules using values from [Can I Use](http://caniuse.com/).


## Install

This project is published as a scoped package. Use the following to install and save it as a dependency.

```sh
npm i --save @urban/webpack-build-system
```

**Note about `peerDependencies`**

`webpack-build-system` specifies many of its dependencies as `peerDependencies` in order to give the consumer of this package flexibility to decide which version to use. For instance, you might want to use React 0.12.x instead of version 0.13.x.

In npm version `3.x.x`, `peerDependencies` are no longer installed by default. In order to install the latest versions of this packages `peerDependencies`, please run the following command.

```sh
npm i --save-dev autoprefixer-core babel babel-core babel-runtime babel-loader css-loader file-loader json-loader postcss-loader react-hot-loader style-loader url-loader webpack webpack-dev-server
```

## Usage

Create a `webpack.config.js` file at the root of your project with the following content.

```js
var getConfig = require('@urban/webpack-build-system')

module.exports = getConfig({
  // the entry point for your application
  entry: 'src/index.js',
  // the path of an output directory for your bundled application
  output: {
    path: 'public/'
  }
})
```

Next, add the following to the `scripts` section of your `package.json` file.

```js
"scripts": {
  "start": "webpack-dev-server",
  "build": "webpack"
}
```

You can now run your project with `npm start` and view it by opening a browser to `http://localhost:3000`.

If you'd like to build the static assets for your project, run `npm run build` and they will be generated into the `public` directory.

It's a good idea to completely destroy and re-create your output directory when building. To do this, add a `pre-` hook to your `npm run build` command.

First, install `rimraf` with the following.

```sh
npm i --save rimraf
```

Then add it as a `prebuild` script to your `package.json` file. Your final `scripts` section will look like the following.

```js
"scripts": {
  "start": "webpack-dev-server",
  "prebuild": "rimraf public",
  "build": "webpack"
}
```

### Styles

Each JavaScript module should require all it's dependencies, including styles. This is the "webpack way".

To require your styles from a JavaScript file, add the following. Be sure to include the extension: `.css` in your path. 

```js
import './path/to/styles.css'
```


#### Local scope

By default CSS exports all class names to the global selector scope. This means every selector has the potential of introducing unintended side effects by targeting unwanted elements or clashing with other selectors. However, with [local scope](https://github.com/webpack/css-loader#local-scope) you can mitigate this issue and expose your CSS selectors to JavaScript.

With the `:local` syntax, the webpack css-loader replaces local selectors with unique identifiers.

For example, if you had a CSS file located at `./path/to/styles.css` with the following.

```css
:local .className { color: green; }
:local(.subClass) p { color: blue; }
```

It would be transformed into the following using the `localIdentName=[path][name]__[local]___[hash:base64:5]`. This makes it easier for debugging.

```css
.path-to-styles__className___23_aKvs-b8bW2Vg3fwHozO { color: green; }
.path-to-styles__subClass___13LGdX8RMStbBE9w-t0gZ1 p { color: blue; }
```

The identifiers are then available to your JavaScript module and can accessed with the following. 

```js
import { className, subClass } from './path/to/styles.css'
```

When using `:local`, camelcasing is recommended for local selectors because they are easier to use in the importing JavaScript module.


#### Composing CSS classes

...


#### Other style loaders

There are a few additional style loaders configured should you choose to use them.

**less**

Use npm to install the `less-loader` and then add `import './styles.less'` to your JavaScript module.

**sass**

Use npm to install the `sass-loader` and then add `import './styles.scss'` or `import './styles.sass'` to your JavaScript module.

**stylus**

Use npm to install the `stylus-loader` and then add `import './styles.styl'` to your JavaScript module.


## Examples

...

## Config options

### Babel config

To change the default [Babel](http://babeljs.io) settings, create a file at the root of your project called `.babelrc` that contains the [options](http://babeljs.io/docs/usage/options/) you'd like. 

See [babelrc](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/babelrc/) for more information.

```json
{
  "stage": 0,
  "loose": "all"
}
```


### Autoprefixer config

To change the default [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) settings, create a file at the root of your project called `browserslist` that contains the options you'd like. 

See [Browserslist docs](https://github.com/ai/browserslist#queries) for queries, browser names, config format, and default value.

```sh
# Browsers that we support

> 1%
Last 2 versions
IE 8 # sorry
```


## Credits

Inspired by:

- [webpack-how-to](https://github.com/petehunt/webpack-howto)
- [hjs-webpack](https://github.com/HenrikJoreteg/hjs-webpack)
- [babel-library-boilerplate](https://github.com/babel/babel-library-boilerplate)
- [Este.js](https://github.com/este/este)
- [library-boilerplate](https://github.com/gaearon/library-boilerplate)


## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE). Copyright (c) [Urban Faubion](http://urbanfaubion.com).

Commit message:

Removed `postcss-loader` in favor of `cssnext-loader` and `autopreviser-loader`.

README.md, after:

# Webpack build system

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

> An opinionated build system using Webpack.

Continually creating a new build step for each project takes time. This is a consolidation of the tools and libraries I use for 80% of my projects into one build-system so I can speed up my "time to development" and focus on what's unique about my projects. It's an opinionated stack based on [webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) and the [webpack-dev-server](http://webpack.github.io/docs/webpack-dev-server.html) with smart defaults that simplify configuration.

<!--
## Features

### Babel

[Babel](https://babeljs.io) is a JavaScrpt compiler. With it, you can transpile features of ES2015, ES2016 and more into ES5. These means you can use new the JavaScript syntax and features, **right now** without waiting for browser support. It also has built-in support for JSX and React. 
-->


## Tools used

### webpack

[webpack](http://webpack.github.io) is a module bundler. It takes JavaScript modules with dependencies (i.e. other JavaScript files, CSS, images, ...) and generates static assets representing those modules for the browser. It's similar to [Browserify](http://browserify.org/) with a few extra features such as [React hot-loading](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader).

- **Loaders**
  + [autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) - CSS and add vendor prefixes to CSS rules using values from [Can I Use](http://caniuse.com/).
  + [babel](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) - Turn ES6 code into vanilla ES5 using [Babel](https://babeljs.io).
    * [babel-runtime](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/runtime/) - Reduces you bundle size and creates a sandboxed environment for built-ins without having to require a globally polluting [polyfill](http://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/).
  + [css](https://github.com/webpack/css-loader) - Loads css file with resolved imports and returns css code.
  + [cssnext](http://cssnext.io/) - A CSS transpiler that allows you to use the latest CSS syntax today.
  + [file](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader) - Emits the file into the output folder and returns the (relative) url.
  + [json](https://github.com/webpack/json-loader) - Loads file as JSON.
  + [less](https://github.com/webpack/less-loader) - Loads the CSS pre-processor [less](http://lesscss.org/).
  + [sass](https://github.com/jtangelder/sass-loader) - Loads the CSS pre-processor [node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass) with support for both `sass` and the `scss` syntax.
  + [style](https://github.com/webpack/style-loader) - Add exports of a module as style to DOM.
  + [stylus](https://github.com/shama/stylus-loader) - Loads the CSS pre-processor [Stylus](http://learnboost.github.io/stylus/).
  + [url](https://github.com/webpack/url-loader) - The url loader works like the file loader, but can return a Data Url if the file is smaller than a limit.

- **Plugins**
  + [BannerPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#bannerplugin) - Adds a banner to the top of each generated chunk.
  + [DedupePlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#dedupeplugin) - Reduces file size by removing duplicate files.
  + [DefinePlulgin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#defineplugin) - Inlines variables into the code which allows a minification pass to remove unused (dead) code.
  + [ExtractTextPlugin](https://github.com/webpack/extract-text-webpack-plugin) - Moves required CSS into a separate CSS output file.
  + [HotModuleReplacementPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#hotmodulereplacementplugin) - Enables Hot Module Replacement.
  + [NoErrorsPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#noerrorsplugin) - Prevents the output when an error occurs.
  + [OccurenceOrderPlugin](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#occurenceorderplugin) - Assign the module and chunk ids by occurrence count making ids predictable and reduces the total file size.
  + [UglifyJs](http://webpack.github.io/docs/list-of-plugins.html#uglifyjsplugin) - Minimize all JavaScript output of chunks.


## Install

This project is published as a scoped package. Use the following to install and save it as a dependency.

```sh
npm i --save @urban/webpack-build-system
```

**Note about `peerDependencies`**

`webpack-build-system` specifies many of its dependencies as `peerDependencies` in order to give the consumer of this package flexibility to decide which version to use. For instance, you might want to use React 0.12.x instead of version 0.13.x.

In npm version `3.x.x`, `peerDependencies` are no longer installed by default. In order to install the latest versions of this packages `peerDependencies`, please run the following command.

```sh
npm i --save-dev autoprefixer-loader babel babel-core babel-runtime babel-loader css-loader cssnext-loader file-loader json-loader node-libs-browser react-hot-loader style-loader url-loader webpack webpack-dev-server
```

## Usage

Create a `webpack.config.js` file at the root of your project with the following content.

```js
var getConfig = require('@urban/webpack-build-system')

module.exports = getConfig({
  // the entry point for your application
  entry: 'src/index.js',
  // the path of an output directory for your bundled application
  output: {
    path: 'public/'
  }
})
```

Next, add the following to the `scripts` section of your `package.json` file.

```js
"scripts": {
  "start": "webpack-dev-server",
  "build": "webpack"
}
```

You can now run your project with `npm start` and view it by opening a browser to `http://localhost:3000`.

If you'd like to build the static assets for your project, run `npm run build` and they will be generated into the `public` directory.

It's a good idea to completely destroy and re-create your output directory when building. To do this, add a `pre-` hook to your `npm run build` command.

First, install `rimraf` with the following.

```sh
npm i --save rimraf
```

Then add it as a `prebuild` script to your `package.json` file. Your final `scripts` section will look like the following.

```js
"scripts": {
  "start": "webpack-dev-server",
  "prebuild": "rimraf public",
  "build": "webpack"
}
```

### Styles

Each JavaScript module should require all it's dependencies, including styles. This is the "webpack way".

To require your styles from a JavaScript file, add the following. Be sure to include the extension: `.css` in your path. 

```js
import './path/to/styles.css'
```


#### Local scope

By default CSS exports all class names to the global selector scope. This means every selector has the potential of introducing unintended side effects by targeting unwanted elements or clashing with other selectors. However, with [local scope](https://github.com/webpack/css-loader#local-scope) you can mitigate this issue and expose your CSS selectors to JavaScript.

With the `:local` syntax, the webpack css-loader replaces local selectors with unique identifiers.

For example, if you had a CSS file located at `./path/to/styles.css` with the following.

```css
:local .className { color: green; }
:local(.subClass) p { color: blue; }
```

It would be transformed into the following using the `localIdentName=[path][name]__[local]___[hash:base64:5]`. This makes it easier for debugging.

```css
.path-to-styles__className___23_aKvs-b8bW2Vg3fwHozO { color: green; }
.path-to-styles__subClass___13LGdX8RMStbBE9w-t0gZ1 p { color: blue; }
```

The identifiers are then available to your JavaScript module and can accessed with the following. 

```js
import { className, subClass } from './path/to/styles.css'
```

When using `:local`, camelcasing is recommended for local selectors because they are easier to use in the importing JavaScript module.


#### Composing CSS classes

...


#### Other style loaders

There are a few additional style loaders configured should you choose to use them.

**less**

Use npm to install the `less-loader` and then add `import './styles.less'` to your JavaScript module.

**sass**

Use npm to install the `sass-loader` and then add `import './styles.scss'` or `import './styles.sass'` to your JavaScript module.

**stylus**

Use npm to install the `stylus-loader` and then add `import './styles.styl'` to your JavaScript module.


## Examples

...

## Config options

### Babel config

To change the default [Babel](http://babeljs.io) settings, create a file at the root of your project called `.babelrc` that contains the [options](http://babeljs.io/docs/usage/options/) you'd like. 

See [babelrc](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/babelrc/) for more information.

```json
{
  "stage": 0,
  "loose": "all"
}
```


### Autoprefixer config

To change the default [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) settings, create a file at the root of your project called `browserslist` that contains the options you'd like. 

See [Browserslist docs](https://github.com/ai/browserslist#queries) for queries, browser names, config format, and default value.

```sh
# Browsers that we support

> 1%
Last 2 versions
IE 8 # sorry
```


## Credits

Inspired by:

- [webpack-how-to](https://github.com/petehunt/webpack-howto)
- [hjs-webpack](https://github.com/HenrikJoreteg/hjs-webpack)
- [babel-library-boilerplate](https://github.com/babel/babel-library-boilerplate)
- [Este.js](https://github.com/este/este)
- [library-boilerplate](https://github.com/gaearon/library-boilerplate)


## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE). Copyright (c) [Urban Faubion](http://urbanfaubion.com).
